fix grammatical issues in Introducing JavaScript objects (#20967)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/objects/index.md

- [Object prototypes](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Object_prototypes)
  - : Prototypes are the mechanism by which JavaScript objects inherit features from one another, and they work differently from inheritance mechanisms in classical object-oriented programming languages. In this article, we explore how prototype chains work.
- [Object-oriented programming](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Object-oriented_programming)
  - : In this article, we'll describe some of the basic principles of "classical" object-oriented programming, and look at the ways it is different from the prototype model in JavaScript.
- [Classes in JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Classes_in_JavaScript)
  - : JavaScript provides some features for people wanting to implement "classical" object-oriented programs, and in this article, we'll describe these features.
- [Working with JSON data](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/JSON)

>   - : JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standard text-based format for representing structured data based on JavaScript object syntax, which is commonly used for representing and transmitting data on websites (i.e. sending some data from the server to the client, so it can be displayed on a web page). You'll come across it quite often, so in this article, we give you all you need to work with JSON using JavaScript, including parsing the JSON so you can access data items within it and write your own JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standard text-based format for representing structured data based on JavaScript object syntax, which is commonly used for representing and transmitting data on the web (i.e., sending some data from the server to the client, so it can be displayed on a web page). You'll come across it quite often, so in this article, we give you all you need to work with JSON using JavaScript, including parsing the JSON so you can access data items within it, and writing your own JSON.
```
